Version History

1. 
Initial Release

1.1. 
- Fixed issue where collectibles were not spawning after first level.\
- Added an introductory text, which can be used to explain how to play. See IntroductorySpeech script attached to CharacterSpeech object in example scene.\

1.2.
- Collectibles seek towards the player when in range (range and seek speed defined by Collectible script on Collectible object).\
- Added additional scenes with information on: collectibles, enemies, generating the environment, player, and player speech.\

1.3.
- Added comments for all public methods
- Included code documentation PDF
- Added version for Unity 5.0.x and 4.x

1.4.
- Removed unnecessary debug
- Updated project to 5.3.5
- Updated web player to WebGL

1.5.
- Updated project to 5.5.
- Fixed issue where nodes were incorrectly flagged as floor nodes (leading to floating enemies that should be on the floor).
- Fixed issue where players jetpack particle system was constantly playing (should only be showing particles when actually using the jetpack).
- Increased radius (0.1 to 0.15) of collider used to decide if player is touching the ground. 
- You can now set the size rectangular and circular areas required to spawn enemies.

1.6.
- Fixed issue where floor nodes from unconnected caverns were cached.
- Added option "DrawBackgrounds" in GridManager. Disable to increase performance by disabling background tiles.
- Changed jetpack so it is easier to activate.
- Enemies no longer spawn right next to player at the start of a level.
- Enemies no longer attack until player finished spawning.
- Collectibles no longer seek player while introductory speech is playing or player is spawning.
- Improved performance by reducing draw calls.
- Sprites are now added to the exterior of caves.
- Tilesize is now calculated based on sprite bounds rather than being manually set. If you notice lines between the tiles, turn off antialiasing in Edit -> Project Settings -> Quality

1.61
- Moved parent object creation from Start to GenerateWithSeed method in GridManager.
